CSE 111 Proposal for a Student Chosen Program

    (This is a proposal. All proposals are written with our best
    knowledge at the beginning of a project. As we progress from the
    beginning to the end of a project, we gain more knowledge, and we
    change some of our proposed ideas. This is part of completing any
    project and is fine.  However, we still must write a proposal so
    that our teachers or supervisors know what we intend to do. Please
    answer each of the following questions to the best of your
    knowledge.)

1. What is the title of your program?
    School Management system

2. What real-world problem will your program address or help to solve?

    Now that we are moving into a digital error we will definately need all of our records didgitalised and we need programs that make it easir to manage our records. We can store information using many file types but the most flexible one is the .csv file. It is easy because you can just export or import in to google sheets, excel or an sql database. Managing a csv file is easier before it gets a lot of lines, this is were the problem begins. So to help counter that i will create a program thaht will store, delete,find,rewrite a csv file using the unique key(primary key) and records that will be imported into a sql database outside python.


3. What will you learn from developing this program?
    adding,deleting, editing, finding specific records, loops, condition statements, opening files
    
4. What Python modules will your program use?
    datetime, math, pytest, random, csv
    (Some examples are: csv, datetime, functools, matplotlib, math,
    pandas, pytest, random, requests, and tkinter.)

5. List the names of functions you will need?
    add_user
    find_user
    delete_user
    edit_user

    (Remember that the most reusable functions don't get user input and
    don't print results but instead have parameters and return a result.
    Functions that get user input and print results are important and do
    useful work but are not easily reusable.)

    (Remember also that it's hard to test functions that get user input
    and print results. It's easy to test functions that don't get user
    input and don't print results but instead have parameters and return
    a result. Therefore, you should write most of your program functions
    to have parameters and return a result.)

6. List the names of the test functions you will write.
    test_find_user
    test_delete_user
    test_add_user


